no match in PMC3236159
11 (Figure 1 12-20 Figure 2 12-24 Articles were selected if VPW was measured on CR in patients in either erect or supine positions and if volume overload had been evaluated by invasive and/or noninvasive techniques, including pulmonary artery occlusion pressure (PAOP), global end diastolic volume, intrathoracic blood volume index, left atrial emptying fraction (LAEF), or total blood volume. Studies that did not report a mean value or standard deviation (SD) were excluded. Two reviewers also independently assessed each included study and evaluated the quality of each article using the Jadad score. 25 The mean VPW, SD, correlation coefficient, and sample size were obtained from each study. Comprehensive meta- analysis software 2.2 and Stata 11 (College Station, Texas) were used for data analysis. 26 The summary effect of mean VPW (weighted mean) was estimated by assigning weight as the inverse of its variance method in the fixed effects of metaanalysis. 27 A random effect model, utilizing the DerSimonian and Laird method, estimated the summary effect of mean VPW. 28 Similarly, fixed and random effects were estimated for cardiothoracic ratio (CTR) as well as correlation coefficiency. Two subgroups, erect and supine, were analyzed for VPW values. The Q-test, which is a chi-square method, was used for comparison between these 2 groups based on Cochran method. 29 A P value less than 0.05 was considered a statistically significant difference between groups.

no match in PMC4027853
Data management and processing were performed usingReview Manager (RevMan) 5.0 software (The Nordic Cochrane Centre, Copenhagen) and Stata 11.0 (Stata Corp, College Station, Texas, USA). The strength of the association between the IL-17 gene polymorphisms and cancer risk was measured by crude ORs and 95% CIs. The significance of the combined ORs was determined by a Z test, and two-sided P-value ,0.05 was considered significant.Stratified analyses were conducted with respect to cancer type and source of controls. Statistical heterogeneity among the studies was evaluated using the chi square-based Q-test, and heterogeneity was considered significant when P,0.1 for Q statistic. Heterogeneity was quantified by I2 statistics examining the percentage of heterogeneity (0%-25% = no heterogeneity; 25%-50% = moderate heterogeneity; 50%-75% = large heterogeneity; and 75%-100% = extreme heterogeneity). 23 The random effects model was used when heterogeneity was significant (I 2 .50% or P#0.10); otherwise, the fixed effects model was used. Publication bias was examined with both Begg's funnel plot 24 and the Egger's regression method, 25 and P,0.05 was considered representative of statistically significant publication bias.

no match in PMC3351152
In order to establish whether OXPHOS defects observed upon inactivation of C7orf30 Figure 4) were a result of impaired mitochondrial protein synthesis, we inhibited cytosolic translation and labelled de novo synthesized mitochondrially encoded subunits of the electron transport chain with 35 S-Met. The incorporation of radioactive 35 S-Met into mitochondrial proteins was analysed 6 days after the HeLa cells were transfected with C7orf30 siRNA. Translation of all mitochondrially encoded respiratory chain subunits was compromised upon C7orf30 gene silencing, with incorporation of 35 S-Met reduced by <60% (for the more potent C7orf30 siRNA oligo 1) as compared to controls transfected with an unrelated siRNA (Figure 5A). In order to investigate whether inactivation of C7orf30 has an effect on the integrity of the mitochondrial ribosome, we carried out gradient sedimentation analyses of lysates from HeLa cells transfected with C7orf30 siRNA for 6 days and control cells transfected with an unrelated siRNAwere quantified for C7orf30-depleted cells using ImageQuant software. Relative abundance is presented as a percentage of the steady-state level for control cells transected with an unrelated siRNA. n = 3, **P < 0.01, ***P < 0.001; two-tailed unpaired Student's t-test error bars = 1 SD. (C) OCR in C7orf30-depleted cells. OCR measured in an extracellular flux Seahorse instrument in control cells transfected with an unrelated siRNA or cells treated with siRNA to C7orf30 for 6 days. The wells containing cells were sequentially injected with 20 mM 2-DG to inhibit glycolysis, 100 nM oligomycin to inhibit ATP-synthase, 1 mM FCCP to uncouple the respiratory chain and 200 nM rotenone to inhibit complex I. n = 6, error bars = 1 SD. (D) Steady-state levels of mitochondrial transcripts upon inactivation of C7orf30. Total RNA from control cells (Ctrl) and cells transfected with two siRNAs specific for C7orf30 were analysed by northern blots using radioactive probes specific for the indicated mitochondrial transcripts. Nuclear-encoded 28S rRNA was used as a loading control. Figure 5G), consistent with a decrease in monosome formation, presumably due to alterations in mt-LSU integrity. These results, together with the observation that the steady-state levels of mitochondrial rRNAs were not changed (Figure 4D), suggest that the inhibition of mitochondrial translation upon inactivation of C7orf30 could be attributed mainly to instability and/or impaired assembly of the large mitoribosomal subunit, consequently interfering with formation of the mitochondrial monosome.

no match in PMC3768955
Readings were compared with a standard curve prepared with a series of dilutions of NAG (0-5.0 mmol/mL) and 3, 5-dinitrosalicylic acids. The chitinase activity was assayed in triplicate and the average enzyme activity with standard deviations was measured using software of SPSS 11.5. One unit chitinase activity (U) was defined as the amount of enzyme required for producing 1 mmol of NAG at 37 o C in 1 minute.

no match in PMC3768955
Where Y is the predicted response, x i and x j are the coded independent factors that influence the response variable Y, o is the intercept, i represents the linear effect of x i , ij represents the interaction between x i and x j , and ij represents the quadratic effect of x i . Design Expert version 7 

no match in PMC4939487
Student t test was used to compare continuous variables, and Pearson chi-square test or Fisher exact test was used to compare categorical variable. Values of p < 0.05 were considered statistically significant. SPSS statistics for Windows, PASW version 17.0 (SPSS Inc., Chicago, IL, USA), was used for all statistical analyses.

no match in PMC5221592
Original trace analysis (done and then compared with the method described here) was performed using a custom-written Lab- View (National Instruments, Austin, TX) software code similar to previously described procedures (Pitchiaya et al., 2012, 2013). In short, the LabView code uses noise-filtering and photon-counting histogram algorithms to identify particles of interest and removes nonuniform background from all selected traces. The data were filtered further by a nonlinear ChungKennedy noise filter to preserve fast and sudden signal transitions while averaging out random noise. The filtered data were then assessed by eye, with each sudden decrease in signal classified as a photobleaching event. For each trace, the number of photobleaching events corresponds to the total fluorescent miR-7 molecules within a focus since >90% of dye molecules are found to be fluorescent (Pitchiaya et al., 2012, 2013).

no match in PMC4853588
Background While electroacupuncture (EA) pretreatment has been found to ameliorate migraine-like symptoms, the underlying mechanisms remain poorly understood. Emerging evidence suggests that the brainstem descending pain modulatory system, comprising the periaqueductal grey (PAG), raphe magnus nucleus (RMg), and trigeminal nucleus caudalis (TNC), may be involved in migraine pathophysiology. We hypothesised that EA would ameliorate migraine-like symptoms via modulation of this descending system. Methods We used a conscious rat model of migraine induced by repeated electrical stimulation of the dura. Forty male SpragueDawley rats were randomly assigned to one of four groups: an EA group, which received EA at GB20 following dural stimulation; a sham acupuncture (SA) group, which received manual acupuncture at a non-acupuncture point following dural stimulation; a Model group, which received dural stimulation but no acupuncture; and a Control group, which received neither dural stimulation nor acupuncture (electrode implantation only).HomeCageScan was used to measure effects on behaviour, and immunofluorescence staining was used to examine neural activation (c-Fos immunoreactivity) in the PAG, RMg, and TNC. Results Compared to the Model group, rats in the EA group showed a significant increase in exploratory, locomotor and eating/drinking behaviour ( p<0.01) and a significant decrease in freezing-like resting and grooming behaviour ( p<0.05). There was a significant increase in the mean number of c-Fos neurons in the PAG, RMg, and TNC in Model versus Control groups ( p<0.001); however, this was significantly attenuated by EA treatment ( p<0.001). There were no significant differences between the SA

no match in PMC5054038
(1) Finding intervals I1 . . . I, that each contains a minimum; (2) Iteratively approaching for each j = 1 . . . n the minimum contained in the interval Ij until a defined precision is reached, yielding a candidate value aj for the minimum in Ij; (3) Calculating the error values errj = errneo(aj) for each candidate and selecting aj that corresponds to the minimal error amongst err1 . . . errn. The algorithm is implemented in Java in the framework of the ace.map suite for microarray statistical data analysis, which will be described in detail elsewhere.

no match in PMC3386209
For live-cell imaging of yeast strains carrying a plasmid, cells were grown at 25°C in SC media lacking a specific amino acid to select for the presence of a plasmid. For imaging yeast strains carrying a chs2 phosphomutation, cells were first grown in SC-LEU medium to keep them healthy and then washed twice with rich medium YM-1 without carbon source. Cells were then incubated further for 1-3 h at 25°C before being concentrated by centrifugation and spotted on a slab of YM-1 medium containing 2% agarose for live-cell imaging. For live-cell imaging at 37°C (Figure 6), the wild-type and the dbf2-1 dbf20Δ strains were grown in liquid YM-1 media containing 2% raffinose at 25°C to the exponential phase and then shifted to 37°C for additional 3 h. A 2.0-ml culture was then transferred to a 3.5-mm dish coated with polylysine (MatTek, Ashland, MA), which was incubated in the 37°C chamber of the microscope for 20 min to let the cells settle down. A 1.5-ml culture was then removed from the dish, which was followed by the addition of a 1.5-ml prewarmed YM-1 medium containing 2% raffinose, 3% galactose, and 1.5% low-melting agarose. Images were acquired at 25 or 37°C on a spinning disk confocal microscope equipped with a Yokogawa CSU 10 scan head combined with an Olympus IX 71 microscope (Olympus, Tokyo, Japan) and an Olympus 100× objective (1.4 numerical aperture, Plan S-Apo oil immersion). Acquisition and hardware were controlled byMetaMorph, version 7.7 (Molecular Devices, Downingtown, PA). A Hamamatsu ImagEM EMCCD camera (model C9100-13, Bridgewater, NJ) was used for capture. Diode lasers for excitation (488 nm for GFP and 561 nm for mCherry/RFP) were housed in a launch constructed by Spectral Applied Research (Richmond Hill, Canada). Images were taken every minute with z-stacks ranging from 11 × 0.3 to 12 × 0.5 μm. A maximum projection was generated with Meta- Morph, version 7.7, or ImageJ (1.45b; National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD). For quantification of relative chitin levels in different chs2 phosphomutants Figure 3), the ratio between Calcofluor signal intensity at the bud neck was divided by Chs2-GFP signal intensity at the bud neck.

no match in PMC5359128
Statistical analyses were performed using GraphPad Prism 5 software (Graphpad Software, Inc, La Jolla, CA, USA), and the data are presented as the mean ± standard deviation. Kaplan-Meier analysis with log-rank test was used to analyze the overall survival rate. Multivariate prognostic factors were examined using Cox's proportional-hazards model. An unpaired 2-tailed Student's t-test or 1-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) was used to analyze the in vitro and in vivo data. P,0.05 was considered to be statistically significant.

no match in PMC2831195
A review of previous academic and policy-making documents have been conducted. For academic publications, Thomson Scientific's Web of Science, Elsevier's Scopus and Google Scholar have been used as search engines in order to retrieve state-of-the-art literature. For policy-making documents, Eur-lex has been employed, which provides online access to the EU official journal, treaties, legislation in force, preparatory acts, case law, and documents of the European Parliament, Council and Commission.

no match in PMC1747177
The GenomeRNAi database presents phenotype information of large-scale screens in the context of associated sequence information. We believe that this is an important issuesince in contrast to genetic mutants, RNAi phenotypes depend on the specificity of the used siRNAs or dsRNAs (21-23). Furthermore, with changes in gene models, RNAi phenotypes attributed to a specific gene may be linked to a different gene in the future. Similar limitations apply to RNAi reagents targeting specific splice variants of genes. RNAi libraries evolve, as we learn more about the RNAi mechanism and potential pitfalls such as off-target effects second generation libraries will incorporate these findings into design rules and attempt to generate more specific. The GenomeRNAi database is linked to other databases, such as FLIGHT and FlyRNAi (24,25). While all these databases contain RNAi phenotype information, the focus of GenomeRNAi is to present phenotypes in the context of genomic information, which should facilitate the analysis of RNAi phenotypes with respect to gene models and specificity information. GenomeRNAi has an integrated pipeline for mapping of RNAi probes and phenotypes and integrating the information of different RNAi libraries, but the focus is less on the integration of different genomic datasets as provided by FLIGHT.

no match in PMC5413540
This is the first randomized controlled trial report to date of using NIV ventilator equipped with built-in software to monitor the ventilator parameters in home setting in stable hypercapnic COPD patients. In order to estimate the accuracy of built-in software in ventilators, data downloaded from software were compared using the PowerLab system. The finding showed that the estimation of leak and pressure was a low mean bias value between built-in software and PowerLab system. Previous study showed that the rate of abnormalities was 66% and leak was the most common abnormality (34.2%) followed by desaturation dips (23.8%) in home NPPV. 19 In addition, studies have further reported that leak increases ineffective trigger, patient-ventilator asynchrony, and hypoventilation in patients. 20-22 In our study, the mean estimation of leak was 37.99 L/min and 87% of the leaks were ,40 L/min, which was greatly lower than the threshold leak influencing the effects of NPPV as reported by previous study, 23 which could ensure the appropriateness of NIV use and reliability of the results.

no match in PMC3245946
, respectively. The T1 template was used for inhibition of WT and mutant HIV-1 RT DNA synthesis by each of the 6-modified-3 0 -azido-ddGTP analogs. Reaction conditions and gel electrophoresis were identical to those described above except 100 nM of WT or mutant HIV-1 RT was used to initiate the reaction. Reactions were quenched following incubation at 37 C for 10 min. The amount of final product on the denaturing polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (PAGE) gels was quantified by densiometric analysis using Quantity One Software. The concentration of each 6-modified-3 0 -azidoddGTP analog required to inhibit the formation of final product by 50% was calculated using nonlinear regression analyses (SigmaPlot Software Version 11, Systat Software, Inc., San Jose, CA, USA) from at least three independent experiments. Two-tailed homoscedastic t-tests were used to calculate the reported P-values.

no match in PMC4123385
(CTAB) method ( Porebski et al., 1997 ). The samples were collected from a single seed orchard in Qigou, Hebei Province (41 ° 0 ′ 13 ″ N, 118 ° 27 ′ 38 ″ E) and deposited at the National Engineering Laboratory for Forest Tree Breeding, China (NELFTB). All trees in the seed orchard derived from Honghuaerji in the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. PCR amplifi cations were performed in 20-μ L volumes that included 50-80 ng of genomic DNA, 5 μ M concentrations of each primer, and 10 μ L 2 × PCRMaster Mix consisting of 0.1 unit/ μ L Taq DNA polymerase, 4 mM MgCl 2 , and 0.4 mM dNTP (Aidlab Co. Ltd., Beijing, China). The PCR reactions were performed in a Veriti Dx 96-well Thermal Cycler (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, California, USA) under the following conditions: initial denaturation at 95 ° C for 5 min followed by 35 cycles at 95 ° C for 30 s, annealing for 45 s at the optimal temperature for each primer pair , and 72 ° C for 30 s, with a fi nal extension of 10 min at 72 ° C ( Table 1 ). PCR products were resolved on 6% polyacrylamide denaturing gels using an HT-CX01 gel sequencing cell (Hongtao Jiye Technology Development Co. Ltd., Beijing, China). SSR patterns were visualized by silver staining.To identify potential functions of the 25 SSR-associated unigenes, the sequences were aligned with the GenBank database using the BLASTX program (http://blast.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/Blast.cgi) ( Yang et al., 2012 ). The E -value was limited to 0-1.0E -5 . Gene Ontology (GO) was also used to predict functions of the unigenes (http://geneontology.org/). Eighteen sequences were found to have potential functions by BLASTX or GO analysis . These sequences showed signifi cant homology to protein sequences from Picea sitchensis (Bong.) Carrière, Picea glauca Voss, Selaginella moellendorffi i Hieron., Vitis vinifera L., Cucumis sativus L., and Zea mays L. The potential functions were mainly related to ionic bonding, oxidation-reduction processes, and feedback regulation ( Table 3 ).

no match in PMC2773253
The tests consist in verifying accessibility to the web service and consistency and stability of the results on test data. Their results are published as XML reports and RSS feeds. The PlayMOBY description for the QoS presently follows the specifications stated by the BioWorkflow group (Wessner et al., 2008). However, it could easily be extended to other frameworks such as the BioCatalogue project (Belhajjame et al., 2008). In the case of failures or unexpected results, alerts are sent by e-mail to the developers. Thus,PlayMOBY also provides the framework to evaluate Mobyle service reliability and curation. This problem is particularly important in bioinformatics, given the volatility of tools (especially web-based), impairing the reliability of biological data processing.

no match in PMC4938145
size and zeta potential experiment A Multisizer 4 Coulter counter (Beckman Coulter Inc., Miami, FL, USA) and ZetaSizer Nano ZS (Malvern Instruments, Malvern, UK) were employed to measure the size and the zeta potential, respectively. Samples were diluted 50× with distilled water at 25°C. The results are presented as the average of five measurements.

no match in PMC4959023
BG2 cells were obtained from Drosophila Genome Resource Center (Cell line stock number, 51), and cultured according to the protocol form the provider (https://dgrc.bio.indiana.edu/ include/file/general_maintenance.pdf). BG2 cells with or without SP treatment were lysed in protein extraction buffer containing 50mM Tris-HCl pH 8.2, 8 M Urea, 75 mM NaCl, 1 mM NaF, 1 mM β-glycerophosphate, 1mM sodium orthovanadate, 1 mM sodium pyrophosphate and 1 mM PMSF. After sonication, protein concentrations were determined using a BCA Protein Assay Kit (Thermo Scientific, UK). Protein samples (100 μg each) were chemically reduced (5 mM, DTT) and alkylated (25 mM, IAA) prior to trypsin digestion. After 4-fold dilution with 25 mM Tris-HCl buffer (pH 8.2), the protein samples were enzymatically digested using a sequencing grade trypsin at an enzyme to substrate ratio of 1:50 at 37°C for 16 h. Digestion reaction was stopped by the addition of 90% formic acid to a final concentration of 1%. Resulting tryptic digest peptide samples were desalted for subsequent phosphopeptide enrichment procedure. Phosphopeptides enriched with IMAC POROS 20 MC were subsequently subjected to the micro RPLC-MS/MS analysis described previously (Choi et al., 2011). Briefly, analyses of phosphopeptide-enriched samples were performed using Agilent 1100 Series high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) (Agilent Technologies) coupled to a linear quadrupole ion trap mass spectrometer (LTQ, Thermo Finnigan, USA). The resulting MS/MS spectra searched against a composite protein database containing the IPI mouse protein database (v.3.28), and its reversed complement using SEQUEST algorithm (Sor- cerer system). Differential modification search options for phosphorylation modification (+80 on Ser, Thr, Tyr), and oxidation (+16 on Met), were considered in the search. 'Peptide prophet' and 'Protein prophet' scores of 90% was used to filter the search results. We applied the log2(protein ratio) from relative spectral counts (Rsc) for label free quantification (Old et al., 2005). RSC = log2[(n2 + f)/(n1 + f)] + log2[(t1 -n1 + f)/(t2 -n2 + f)] where, for each protein, RSC is the log2 ratio of abundance between Samples 1 and 2; n1 and n2 are spectral counts for the protein in Samples 1 and 2, respectively; t1 and t2 are total numbers of spectra over all proteins in control and SP-treated samples; and ƒ is a correction factor, set to 0.5 (Beissbarth et al., 2004). Ammonium bicarbonate, calcium chloride, dithiothreitol (DTT), iodoacetamide (IAA), sodium chloride, sodium orthovanadate (Na 3 VO 4 ), sodium fluoride (NaF), phenylmethylsulfonyl fluoride (PMSF), sodium β-glycerophosphate, urea and ammonium dihydrogen phosphate (NH 4 H 2 PO 4 ) were purchased from Sigma (USA). Formic acid (FA) and trifluoroacetic acid (TFA) were obtained from Merck (Germany). HPLC grade acetonitrile (ACN), methanol and deionized water were all purchased from Fisher Science. Sequencing grade modified trypsin was obtained from Promega (USA). Aqua C18 (particle size 5 μm) reversed-phase column material was purchased from Phenomenx (USA). The IMAC POROS 20 MC was purchased from Applied Biosystems (USA).We also used the published lines UAS>stop>mCD8-GFP (Yu et al., 2010); LexAop-FLP (Bussell et al., 2014) and UAS-mSP (Nakayama et al., 1997) in this study. To generate CG3542-LexA and CG3542-GAL4, we performed a PCR amplification of the genomic region 5′ of the CG3542 transcriptional start site (+228 to -22) (forward primer, 5′ NNGCGGCCGCCGATAA CAGAAAATCTACCGGGT-3′; reverse primer, 5′-NNTCTAGA CCCACGCTAGGAGGAACATT-3′) and cloned the product into the pENTR vector (Invitrogen). We then recombined this into the pBPnlsLexAp65Uw vector for the LexA line or the pPTGAL4(+) vector for the GAL4 line (Pfeiffer et al., 2010). We injected each final plasmid into embryos using standard techiniqes for insertion into a specific site on the second chromosome (VIE-72A) using phiC31-mediated recombination.

no match in PMC3734831
We further analyzed the contrast responses, in particular those genes that were selectively or hyper-induced in BJ LTSTERas cells compared with BJ cells, using GO analyses and the Database for Annotation, Visualization and Integrated Discovery (DAVID) tool (Supplementary Tables 1-3). Genes involved in 'induction of programmed cell death' (P ¼ 0.0130) and 'apoptotic program' (P ¼ 0.0024) were over-represented in vorinostat-treated BJ LSTRas cells compared with BJ cells (Supplementary Tables 1-3). Many genes encoding components of the intrinsic and extrinsic apoptotic pathway wereselectively induced in BJ LTSTERas cells. A candidate approach was subsequently undertaken to more thoroughly investigate the transcriptional regulation of apoptotic pathway components by vorinostat using the IPA program. Vorinostat treatment resulted in decreased expression of TNFRSF6 (FAS), TNFRSF10A (DR4/TRAILR1) and TNFRSF1A (TNFa receptor) in both normal and transformed fibroblasts (Figures 4a and b). Only a mild tumor-selective induction of TNFRSF10B (DR5/TRAILR2) was observed. We did not observe any transcriptional modulation of genes encoding death receptor ligands in response to vorinostat in either cell type (Figures 4a and b). Moreover, the genes encoding FADD (FADD), caspase 8 (CASP8) and BID were downregulated in BJ and BJ LTSTERas, suggesting that death receptor signaling was transcriptionally repressed by vorinostat in BJ and BJ LTSTERas fibroblasts. Collectively, the downregulation of genes encoding receptors, adaptors and proteolytic intermediaries in the death receptor pathway suggested that the extrinsic apoptotic pathway was unlikely to play a substantial role in promoting selective apoptosis of BJ LTSTERas fibroblasts.

no match in PMC5089661
Blood Collection and Irradiation, the CBMN Assay and Data Collection on the IS X Blood collection, irradiation, and processing was performed previously as described by Rodrigues et al. (17-19) and all data was saved as raw image files for analysis in IDEAS (version 6.2). For the dose response calibration curve, peripheral blood was collected with informed consent (approved by Health Canada's Research Ethics Board) from healthy, non-smoking anonymous donors (three male and three female between the ages of 27 and 48). For the blinded samples, nine blood samples were collected from five healthy anonymous donors (males between the ages of 34 and 56 years of age) in 6 mL lithium-heparinized Vacutainer V R tubes (BD Biosciences, Mississauga, ON) with the same health and historical radiation exposure criteria as described above. Each whole blood sample was then irradiated to a known dose between 0 and 4 Gy and blinded before culture. The doses were 0,

no match in PMC5089661
However, the deviation from the average rate of MN per BNC was calculated to be only 15% on average for all donors across the dose range, compared to 26% in our previous work (18). The average rate of MN per BNC (Y) as a function of dose (D) was fitted to the following quadratic equation in Matlab: (27). These curves were plotted using the quadratic equations provided by the authors and demonstrate the variability between calibration curves using automated slidescoring based versions of the CBMN assay. In addition, Figure 5B demonstrates that the rate of MN per BNC has increased by a factor of about six at the 4 Gy dose, illustrating the effectiveness and accuracy of both the optimized BNC and MN masks.

no match in PMC5089661
This paper has introduced the application of new features and masks developed in the IDEAS software designed specifically for improved detection of BNCs and MN in the IS X -based version of the CBMN assay with applications in radiation biodosimetry. Using these tools, an optimized data analysis template was created which more effectively identified BNCs and quadrupled the frequency of scored MN across the 0-4 Gy dose range. This new analysis method allowed for the generation of a dose response calibration curve that was similar in magnitude to those presented in the literature which were generated by automated slide scoring methods. Finally, dose estimations of blinded samples were correctly generated to within 0.5 Gy of the delivered dose following only 5 minutes of data collection on the IS X , a marked improvement over our previous work. The improved analysis template, combined with the reduction in data collection time on the IS X , will allow for increased accuracy and throughput when performing biodosimetry to estimate unknown radiation doses received by exposed individuals following large-scale radiological or nuclear emergencies.

no match in PMC1874646
Samples were taken from cells grown in YPD, and extracts were prepared as described previously (31 Figure 2B were quantified usingImageQuant software and represented as fraction of WT after normalization on total H3 levels.

no match in 10.1257%2Faer.20150592
Indeed, most governments of the world have engaged in controlling these commanding heights since the end of World War II (Yergin and Stanislaw 1998). 3 Strong state intervention in western economies largely started with the UK Attlee Labour 2 As of January 27, 2017, Hayek (1945) has been cited about 14,000 times in Google Scholar, and it is viewed by a panel of top economists as one of the top 20 articles published in the AER in its first 100 years' history (Arrow et al. 2011). 3 Most historical material on commanding heights across countries in this paper comes from Yergin and Stanislaw (1998). government in 1945, which promoted government planning and nationalization of industries. The General de Gaulle government in France followed suit, declaring that the state "must hold the levers of command." Similarly, after the independence of India, Prime Minister Nehru often evoked the commanding-heights metaphor. Typically, these countries, as well as Germany, Korea, Japan, many Latin American countries, and of course, all socialist countries, had strong state control/ownership over strategic sectors such as defense, iron and steel, railroads, ship-building, utilities, and telecom. In these sectors, the key consideration for decentralization is likely not to utilize local information but to ensure the benefits of "strategic control." Here the force of distance in decentralization should naturally be more muted.

no match in PMC4280422
For statistical evaluation the software NCSS 8 was used. For comparing the quantitative data we used either the two-sided t-test or the nonparametric Mann-Whitney, or the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test. To evaluate the qualitative data we used the c 2 test of independence in a contingency table or Fisher's exact test. Values of p were obtained with the likelihood-ratio test and considered significance if < 0.05.

no match in PMC2927939
13 C]-palmitate in pig brain. To validate the biodistribution of both [ 18 F]-FTHA and [ 13 C]-palmitate in brain, we used data from in vivo pig [ 18 F]-FTHA biodistribution study (18), and completed the study by analyzing the biodistribution of stable [ 13 C]-palmitate from frozen brain samples obtained from the same animals. The study protocol and analysis of [ 18 F]-FTHA has been described in detail elsewhere (18), and the palmitate information is provided in an online appendix in an online appendix available at http://diabetes.diabetesjournals. org/cgi/content/full/db09-0138/DC1. The results are provided in Table 3. Roughly 62% from [ 13 C]-palmitate and 69% from [ 18 F]-FTHA was found in brain lipids. Most of the [ 13 C]-palmitate in brain lipids was found in phospholipids, and only trace amounts were found in triglycerides and fatty acids. [ 18 F]-FTHA was found mostly in triglycerides. PET studies. Patients were scanned in the fasting state, and they refrained from drinks containing caffeine, smoking, and all medications for 12 h before the PET scan. Studies were performed in a supine position. Two catheters were inserted in the antecubital veins of different arms: one for saline infusion and tracer injection, and another for blood sampling. TN) and GE Advance (GE Medical Systems, Milwaukee, WI) were in use when this tracer was divided. The second study was scanned with same camera-protocol as the first study. Data were corrected for dead-time, decay, and photon attenuation. PET images were reconstructed in GE Advance using a 128 ϫ 128 matrix with a 30-cm field of view (FOV) in three-dimensional (3D) mode and Filtered Back Projection (FBP) reconstruction, in Siemens HRϩ using 128 ϫ 128 matrix with zoom two (28.8 cm FOV) in 3D mode and FBP reconstruction and in PET-CT using 128 ϫ 128 matrix with 35 cm FOV in 3D mode and Iterative Ordered Subset Expectation Maximization (OSEM) reconstruction (VUEPoint). Calculation of the parametric fractional uptake rate image. Brain fractional uptake indexes for [ 11 C]-palmitate and [ 18 F]-FTHA were calculated by dividing the brain radioactivity by the integral of the plasma unmetabolized radioactivity curve at 15 min. The modeling gives results that are independent of the injected tracer dose. The fractional uptake rate (FUR) image from dynamic brain scanning was calculated from 10 -20 min. Analysis of PET images. The detailed description of regional and voxel level PET image analyses and statistical analyses of regional FUR estimates are provided in the online appendix. All values are expressed as mean Ϯ SD. P values Ͻ 0.05 are considered statistically significant. Biochemical analyses. Details of biochemical analyses are provided in the online appendix. Statistical analysis of biochemical and anthropometric data. Student t test was used in baseline to compare results between MS patients and the control group. A paired Student t test was used to compare changes in the MS group before and after VLCD. Correlations were analyzed using SAS Enter- prise Guide 4.1 (4.1.0.471; SAS Institute, Cary, NC). The normality of variables was assessed by the Shapiro-Wilkins test. Variables with normal distribution were calculated using Pearson correlation, and non-normal Spearman correlation was used. All values are expressed as mean Ϯ SD. P values Ͻ 0.05 are considered statistically significant.

no match in PMC5108413
Bacteria were identified within the mucosa of cats with both neutrophilic and lymphoplasmacytic inflammation, suggesting mucosal disruption. There was no clear pattern to their localization (mucosa/submucosa/ lamina propria) within the tissue. The total numbers of bacteria did not differ between groups and for two Fig 2. Proximity of Campylobacter coli is closer to neutrophils as compared to C. jejuni. Data show pixel distance of neutrophils to Campylobacter as measured by ImageJ software. The maximal pixel distance per field is 1850 pixels; when a field of view did not contain both a Campylobacter and a neutrophil distance was recorded as 1850 pixels.bacterial species (C. jejuni and C. upsaliensis) there was also no difference in distribution between the two groups. A significant difference was found between the two groups regarding the presence of C. coli. This in itself is simply an observation and merely demonstrates an increased presence of C. coli in cats with neutrophilic inflammation. However, FISH neutrophil elastase probes demonstrated close proximity to neutrophils and confirmed the possible association with C. coli. No association between neutrophil location and other species of bacteria was demonstrated. This association supports the hypothesis that C. coli is particularly associated with a specific neutrophilic form of inflammation in the duodenal mucosa of cats with enteric disease compared with other microorganisms.

no match in PMC3281721
Molecular Modeling of the Arf1-AMF-26-Sec7 Domain Complex-To obtain the initial structure of the Arf1-AMF-26-Sec7 domain complex, the sampled conformers of AMF-26 were superposed onto BFA in the X-ray structure of the Arf-BFA-Sec7 domain complex (PDB code 1r8q) (8) using the parallel version of the SUPERPOSE program (30). This superposes two molecules based on the physicochemical properties of the atomic groups, which is useful for estimating the binding conformation of a molecule by distinguishing it from the many conformations that are generated by CAMDAS. The program considers five types of physicochemical property: hydrophobic (HP), aromatic (AR), hydrogen-bond donors (HD), hydrogenbond acceptors (HA), and hydrogen-bond donors/acceptors (DA). Each type is represented as a sphere with a predefined radius (1.0 or 0.5 Å) and is assigned to a functional group in a molecule (Fig. 4, A and B). After molecular superposition, the matching spheres were scored using the scoring matrix (supplemental Table S1). One AMF-26 conformation was chosen as the binding conformation based on the scores and the overlapped molecular volumes (Fig. 4C). The superposition calculations were performed using 28 nodes of a Dell PowerEdge 1950III (Intel Quad Core Xeon X5460; 3.16 GHz; 56 central processing units in total). The overlapped molecular volumes were calculated by SYBYL 7.3 (Tripos Inc., St. Louis, MO) on an Hewlett Packard work station xw8200 (Intel Xeon; 3.60 GHz; 2 central processing units).

no match in PMC5210542
R-loopDB currently covers eight organisms, including human, mouse, rat, chimpanzee, chicken, frog, fruit fly and yeast. Supplementary Table S1 provides information on the genome assemblies of these species. Using QmRLFS- finder (22), we significantly extended the list of RLFSs and RLFS-positive genes in the human genome compared to the previous version (18). The summary statistics of RLFSs, RLFS-merged regions and RLFS-positive genes presented in the previous and updated R-loopDBs are shown in Table 1. For instance, 511 651 RLFSs (or 169 222 RLFSmerged regions) were computationally predicted in genic regions and 2 kb upstream and downstream flanking regions of the genes, whereas, in the previous R-loopDB, 245 181 RLFSs (or 140 106 RLFS-merged regions) were found in the UCSC-defined gene regions. In total, R-loopDB provides chromosome coordinates, sequences and genomic data of 1565 795 RLFSs distributed across 121 056 genes and 2 kb upstream and downstream flanking region of the genes of eight organisms.

no match in PMC5210542
Using the Ensembl gene annotation system (25) in RloopDB, RLFS-positive genes can be classified into 93 454 protein-coding genes, 7 554 pseudogenes, 12 480 long noncoding RNA genes and 7 568 short non-coding RNA genes Table 2).

no match in PMC5210542
The top panel of the 'Genomic Location' result shows gene name, gene location, strand and cytoband information of the particular gene (see in Figure 2). New genomics visualization has been integrated into R-loopDB using embedded Gbrowse2. The genomics viewer provides visualization of RLFS-merged, RLFS, CpG Island, GC skew profile, Ensembl genes, Ensembl transcripts, DRIP-seq profile, RDIPseq profile and DRIPc-seq profile in a particular genic region as well as in 2 kb upstream and downstream flanking regions of the gene. In Figure 2 Remark: the initial release database provides RLFSs only in genic regions, where the updated database provides RLFSs in genic regions and 2 kb up/downstream region of genes.

no match in PMC3611102
Normally distributed data was expressed as mean ± SD, and non-normally distributed data was expressed as median and interquartile range. Pearson and Spearman correlation analysis was performed to evaluate relationships between R60 minutes and other metabolic variables. Multiple linear regression analysis was used to identify factors contributing to R60 heart rates. We performed all statistical analyses using the SPSS ver. 18.0 (SPSS Inc., Chicago, IL, USA). Statistical significance was defined as P < 0.05. Figure 2 shows the relationship between HOMA-IR and R60 heart rates.

no match in PMC4182815
The lateral resolution of the probe is 1-2 mm depending on target depth, while the axial resolution is limited by the system's ultrasound bandwidth and is < 0.2 mm. The probe displacement was performed manually, however the peak amplitudes weremeasured and displayed automatically by the system itself. After the blast, new peaks appeared indicating to formation of new areas with blood. The acoustic signal is amplified by a low-noise 40 dB second-stage amplifier and recorded by a high-speed digitizer (NI USB-5132, National Instruments, Austin, TX) at 8 bits resolution and 50 MS/s. The operator interface is a laptop (Dell Precision M4500) running Windows 7 and custom LabVIEW software. The software controls the OPO and analyzes signals in real time to allow for unattended monitoring once the probe is secured.

no match in PMC5445908
Paraffin sections was made, routinely dewaxed in water, and soaked in 3% H 2 O 2 for 10 min and washed with PBS 3 timesStatistical analysisSPSS 19.0 software was used to analyze data. All data are expressed as mean ±SD. Variance analysis was used to comparethe data between 2 groups. P values less than 0.05 were considered significant.

no match in PMC3589687
To start the application the user needs to type in the internet adress (URL) -no installation is required. If the website is additionally added to the home screen a defined icon appears and the difference between a native application and a web site simulating it vanishes even more (see figure 1 and figure 2). Subsequent to the development process a questionnaire with nine items was desigend. If not declared otherwise a Likert scalling was used. Test users (n=20) were asked to submit the online forms between June and Juliy 2012 after they received an invitation via e-mail. All test users are students (third year or above) attending Faculty of Medicine of the University of Munich and took part voluntarily. The data analysis was performed with Microsoft Excel.

no match in PMC4551074
Datasets in each series were analyzed by Gene- Spring software (v7.3.1; Agilent) using GCRMA normalization and with the cross-gene error model activated. In each case, samples were grouped as normal or diseased, and a parametric t-test was per-formed to obtain genes with statistically significant differences. The p-value cutoff was set at 0.05 and a Benjamin Hochberg False Discovery Rate correction was included. These restrictions would allow about 5% of the tested genes on the GeneChip (total 54,675) to qualify by random chance. This gene list was further filtered to obtain genes that showed at least a two-fold differential expression between the normal and diseased states, which generated between 1,300 to 3,700 differentially expressed genes for the four cancer datasets (Table 1). Protein sequences corresponding to these genes were obtained from GenBank and UniProt databases.

no match in PMC3809360
Data were analyzed using the Student's t-test and SigmaPlot 8.0 software; P values were derived to assess statistical significance as follows: *Po0.05; **Po0.01; and ***Po0.001. Data for all figures are expressed as the means±standard deviation (s.d.) of three independent experiments.

no match in 10.1007%2Fs00148-015-0566-8
The intensive margin correlations are computed using binary outcome variables. 21 For crime, we have constructed binary outcome variables taking the value 1 if an individual has committed at least x crimes (where x is equal to 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 10 crimes). For prison sentence length, we have constructed binary outcome variables indicating if an individual has spent a total of at least x months in prison (where x isSibling correlations are estimated using STATA's xtlogit command. All outcome variables are dichotomous. Birth year and gender dummies are included. Standard errors are in parentheses. Singletons are included, except in the estimation of the mixed siblings. Estimates are not sensitive to the inclusion/exclusion of singletons equal to 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, or 12 months). We show the intensive margin correlations in Fig. 1 along with approximate 95 % confidence intervals. The trend line in Fig. 1 is upward sloping for sibling correlations in crime. This means that factors shared by siblings account for a larger share of the variation in crime at the intensive margin. For instance, for sisters, the share of the variation that can be attributed to factors shared by siblings is more than twice as high for "at least 10 crimes" than for "at least 1 crime."

no match in 10.1007%2Fs00148-015-0566-8
The highest correlations are the correlations for property crime for men and women, which are both 0.03. These correlations indicate that at most 3 % of the variation in property crime can be attributed to shared neighborhood factors. These 36 Most Swedish studies using observational data tend to find limited influences of neighborhoods on children's outcomes (e.g., Brännström 2004 and Lindahl 2011). However, several quasi-experimental studies have demonstrated that growing up in an ethnic enclave in Sweden does have an important effect on children's outcomes (e.g., Edin et al. 2003 andÅslund et al. 2011). 37 We cannot get information on schools attended nor on the Small Area Marketing Statistics used to define neighborhoods in Sariaslan et al. (2013), since the cohorts we study are too old.Neighborhood correlations are estimated using STATA's xtlogit command after first randomly drawing one individual from each family. This random draw is done separately for each of the three sample used. All outcome variables are dichotomous. Birth year and gender dummies are included. Controls for parental education and income, parental criminality, and family structure are also included in order to net out sorting into neighborhoods. Standard errors are in parentheses should be contrasted with our brother and sister correlations in "at least one property crime," which are 0.38 and 0.34, respectively. Thus, neighborhood effects appear to be able to explain approximately 7 % of the sibling correlation in property crime at the extensive margin. Given that we have included all of the family-wide controls used in Section 5, these 7 % can be added on to the 27 % explained in the previous section. Thus, it appears that we can account for as much as one third of the sibling correlation at the extensive margin. The intensive margin neighborhood correlations are again computed using binary outcome variables. We show the neighborhood correlations for up to 10 crimes and up to 1 year in prison in Fig. 6. In Appendix Fig. 8, we show separate figures for each crime type.

no match in PMC4895162
EITL was defined as a primary intestinal T-cell lymphoma with characteristic morphology, typically with cytotoxic, CD3+ CD8+ CD56+ EBER − phenotype. Five snap frozen primary tumors and matched whole blood samples were obtained from the SingHealth Tissue Repository. The patients were recruited from 2010 to 2014 and all provided signed informed consent in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki. An additional 41 archival formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded samples collected from 2003 to 2014 were obtained from the following centers: National Cancer Centre Singapore, Singapore General Hospital, National University Hospital and Tan 19,20 Only Integrative Genomics Viewer-true mutations were considered somatic and variants with frequency ⩾ 15% were further validated by Sanger sequencing (Supplementary Table 2).

no match in PMC3708637
Paired t-test was applied to analyze the intra group comparison of pre-and post-treatment variables, and unpaired t-test and Fisher exact test was applied to compare inter groups after treatment variables. SAS 9.2, SPSS 15.0, Stata 10.1,MedCalc 9.0.1, Systat 12.0 and R environment ver.2.11.1 were used for the analysis of the data. Results on continuous measurements are presented on mean ± SD (range) and results on categorical measurements were presented in Number (%). Significant figures were stated as p 0.05. The safety of the treatment was assessed clinically at every visit of follow up and discontinuation of study medication was the prime tool of safety measure. However, there was no such consequence observed which had negative impact on our study.

no match in PMC4214812
Data collected in the above manner were then entered in a purpose-created database. The data were analyzed by using Microsoft Office 2010 (8).

no match in PMC3223056
A collection of 248 B. napus accessions was used for association mapping (see Supplementary Table S1 2008 and 2009, respectively). Under these growth conditions, in central China both semi-winter and winter types are generally sufficiently vernalized to flower after winter. Spring type accessions grown under these conditions do not usually start flowering before the onset of winter. During the winter months, plant growth slows down or comes to a halt, but the relatively mild winter temperatures at the chosen location in central China generally allows the spring types to survive as well. Flowering time in both field trials was recorded as the days from sowing to the date when the first flower had opened on half of the plants of an accession. Furthermore, accessions were classified as spring, semi-winter or winter types according to the annotation of the original cultivars (Chinese Crop Germplasm Information System (CGRIS), http://icgr.caas.net.cn/cgris_english.html) or their general performance in the field (see Supplementary Table S (Sambrook et al., 1989). DNA of positive BAC clones was extracted using the NucleoBondÒ PC 500 plasmid DNA purification kit (Macherey & Nagel GmbH & Co. KG, Dü ren, Germany). Sequence identity or homology to the probe fragment was confirmed by PCR amplification and sequencing of BAC DNA using primer pair A102-A103. The BAC clones were grouped into three sequence groups according to a multiple sequence alignment using the AlignX module of the Vector NTI software package (Invitrogen Corporation, Carlsbad, USA). To identify the full-length genomic sequences, one BAC of each group was selected for primer walking using primers A127, A133, A201, A248, A249, A250, A260, A261, A262, A372, and A378 (see Supplementary Table S2 at JXB online). The genes were annotated using pairwise sequence alignments (BLAST2; http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov) with FRI and the FGE- NESH+ and  FGENESH_C gene prediction programs (http:// linux1.softberry.com/berry.phtml). Orthology was inferred by bidirectional best hit analysis (Overbeek et al., 1999) using the B. napus genes as queries for BLASTX searches against the A. thaliana protein database at TAIR (http://www. arabidopsis.org). Following the nomenclature for Brassica genes (Ostergaard and King, 2008), the three FRI homologues were designated as BnaA.FRI.a, BnaX.FRI.b, and BnaX.FRI.c.

no match in 10.1111%2Fjems.12141
1. Alexa Traffic Rank is calculated by combining a web site's average number of daily visitors and page views over the past month.

no match in PMC5104181
Western blotting. Protein was extracted using conventional protocols (9 M urea, 4% 3-[(3-cholamidopropyl) dimethylammonio]-1-propanesulfonate, 1% dithiothreitol, 0.5% carrier ampholytes and cocktail of protease inhibitors). Protein concentrations were determined using Pierce™ BCA Protein Assay kit (Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.) with bovine serum album as a standard. Subsequently, proteins were separated on 12% polyacrylamide gels using standard sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis techniques and then transferred to nitrocellulose membranes. The membranes were blocked by 5% milk (Invitrogen; Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.) for 1 h and probed with specific antibodies for 4˚C overnight. Mouse anti-COX-2 polyclonal antibodies (dilution, 1 µg/ml; catalog no., 3362R-100; BioVision, Inc., Milpitas, CA, USA) were used, and mouse anti-glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase monoclonal antibodies (dilution, 0.3 ng/µl; catalog no., 60004-1-Ig; ProteinTech Group, Rosemont, IL, USA) were used as an internal reference. After three washing steps of 15 min each with Tris-buffered saline and Tween (TBST), the membranes were probed with horseradish peroxidase-conjugated goat anti-mouse IgG antibodies (dilution, 1:5,000; catalog no., sc-2005; Santa Cruz Biotechnology, Inc., USA) at 37˚C for 1 h. After three washing steps of 15 min each with TBST, the protein was tested by chemiluminescence detection (catalog no., 29100; Engreen Biosystem Co., Ltd., Beijing, China). The protein expression was analyzed by Image-Pro Plus 6.0 software (Media Cybernetics, Inc., Rockville, MD, USA).

no match in 10.1111%2Fj.1467-8381.2009.02008.x
14 The model has three economic agents: producers, representative consumers (private and public) and trading partners. The GTAP6inGAMS model is a traditional static Arrow-Debreu general equilibrium model in which the zero profit condition and market clearance define the equilibrium. The GTAP6inGAMS is a modified version of the GTAP model version 6 developed for GAMS users. Most of the model specifications are the same as the GTAP model. The differences between the GTAP model and GAMS version of the model are as follows. First, the GTAP model is based on a constant difference elasticity demand system, but the GAMS model uses Cobb-Douglas preferences. Second, the GTAP model assumes that global capital is endogenously allocated by regional rates of return. However, for 12. They, however, propose to achieve the bigger trade blocs by utilizing ASEAN as the hub for the integration (e.g. the three sets of ASEAN+1 FTA), which is not desirable based on the empirical analysis in the present paper.

no match in 10.1111%2Fj.1467-8381.2009.02008.x
Table 2 provides a comparative summary of regional economic effects of the proposed East Asian RTAs by type of RTA. The aggregate effect of the currently effective AFTA had no significant negative effects on the discriminatory liberalization of the Northeast Asian neighbors, but produced significant enough positive gains to ASEAN members. However, if ASEAN members decide to pursue the ASEAN Hub scenario, which includes three sets of ASEAN+1 FTA, it could raise ASEAN's gains from free trade. ASEAN's welfare and GDP gains could be raised to more than three times that of the AFTA. The negative effects on excluded neighbors could be problematic, although the neighboring countries 18. The trade barriers include both tariff and non-tariff barriers. For import tariffs, trade-weighted ad valorem tariffs include tariff rate quotas and the ad valorem equivalents of specific tariffs. The export taxes cover ordinary export subsidies, export tax equivalents of Agreement on Textiles and Clothing quotas, price undertakings and voluntary export restraints. The protection rates in service sectors are assumed to be zero in the GTAP Database. For more detailed information, visit https:// www.gtap.agecon.purdue.edu/databases/v6/v6_doco.asp. 19. As the referee indicated, the base year for existing RTA, such as the ASEAN-China FTA, should be 2004 or 2005 (right before the year into force in Table 1). However, similar to other hypothetical scenarios in the present paper, the complete elimination of trade barriers between ASEAN and China are assumed and simulated. Of course, we acknowledge this data problem as a limitation.could increase their exports because of the income effect from the additional GDP gains of ASEAN, with the increase in bilateral trade volume between ASEAN and each of the three Northeast Asian countries. In terms of the negative effects that could be expected from AFTA or the ASEAN Hub scenario, the Northeast Asian neighbors might decide to form their own regional protection strategy against ASEAN by developing a ChinaJapan-Korea FTA. The trade warfare between the two regions could be harmful to the less-developed ASEAN economy and would enormously benefit the Northeast Asian countries, especially the smallest country, like Korea. However, this duplicating RTA competition might not be beneficial to the world economy. It will cause much lower welfare gains to the world economy than those with the existing AFTA and ASEAN Hub scenario.

no match in PMC4408226
where K o/w is the octanol/water partition coefficient and MW is the molecular weight of the chemical. Human skin permeability dataset (dataset D) was imported to DERMWIN as SMILES strings, and logKp was calculated and compared to the predictions of our models.

no match in PMC3575799
We next wondered whether the same pharmacological inhibitors could influence the activity of the known BOB.1/OBF.1 promoter. Therefore, a reporter construct harboring the previously described 1500 bp BOB.1/OBF.1 promoter (34) was transiently transfected into Jurkat T cells, which were either left untreated or pre-treated with inhibitors for CN, NF-kB or p38 for 30 min before the stimulation with P/I. These experiments revealed that the BOB.1/OBF.1 promoter is sensitive to all of the analysed inducers and inhibitors, similar to the octamer-dependent reporter (Figure 1B). To explore whether protein expression of BOB.1/OBF.1 mirrors its promoter activity, Jurkat T cells and primary CD4 + cells isolated from lymph nodes of C57BL/6 wild-type mice were either left untreated or pre-treated for 30 min with the inhibitors used in the previous experiments and subsequently stimulated with P/I. Interestingly, we found a striking coregulation of Oct2 and BOB.1/OBFInterestingly, EMSA studies (Supplementary Figure S1) revealed that the NF-kB inhibitor Bay11-7082 inhibits additionally NFAT binding to DNA and, vice versa, the CN inhibitors CsA and FK506 interfere with NFAT binding but also with the NF-kB signaling pathway, as it was described recently (44,45). Therefore, the observed effect of CsA and FK506 on BOB.1/OBF.1 expression is not only mediated by inhibiting NFAT activity, as these compounds also affect the activity of NF-kB, but rather by the combined activity of NFAT and NF-kB. However, treatment of murine primary CD4 + T cells or transfected Jurkat cells with specific NFAT and NF-kB signaling pathway inhibitors, like the NFAT inhibitory peptide 11 R-VIVIT and the NF-kB essential modulator (NEMO)-binding peptide, respectively, clearlyThe BOB.1/OBF.1 promoter contains several binding sites for NFAT and NF-iB Previously, the BOB.1/OBF.1 promoter was analysed to identify regulatory elements responsible for its activity in B cells (34-36). In those studies, a functional cAMP responsive element-binding protein (CREB)/Activating Transcription Factor (ATF) site could be identified, which is crucial for the B lymphocyte specific activity of the promoter. In addition, a sequence related to a NFAT binding site was described, however without any functional relevance for the B cell-specific BOB.1/OBF.1 promoter activity. In search for possible additional transcription factor binding sites using the Genomatrix Software, we identified two combined NFAT/NF-kB binding sites within the BOB.1/OBF.1 promoter. Both newly identified sites are conserved between rat, mouse and man, suggesting a possible functional relevance of these regulatory elements. In contrast to B cells, where a function of the predicted NFAT binding site has not been revealed (34), an inducible complex formation could be detected after P/I treatment of primary CD4 + T cells. This complex resembles that formed at the NFAT site of the IL2 promoter used in control experiments (Figure 2 Figure S2). Together, our data suggest that NFAT and NF-kB family members are able to bind to all of these newly identified potential cis-acting elements of the BOB.1/OBF.1 promoter in vitro.

no match in PMC4301232
Patients were evaluated at one and four months after operation and after starting medical treatment by office visits and telephone inquiry for severity of their endometriotic pain and drug compliance. The patients did not have any other medical or systemic diseases. Before initiation of treatment, liver function tests, serum urea, creatinin, lipids and plasma glucose were checked. We analyzed the data by SPSS 13, using the KS test (One-sample KolmogorovSmirnov test) for normality of data distribution, Levene's test for equality of variances and independent samples t-test for equality of means for comparing quantitative normal data between two groups, paired sample t-tests for comparing quantitative normal data between before and after treatment in each group and Pearson Chi-square test for matching and comparing categorical variables between two groups. According to the KS test, we compared the nonnormal quantitative data by Mann-Whitney U nonparametric test between two groups and Wilcoxon Signed Ranks test for comparing before and after treatment data in each group.The categorical variables, before and after medical treatment were analyzed by Mc Nemar test.

no match in 10.1007%2Fs00191-017-0548-y
By focusing on the individual participants rather than the platform, we need to adopt a performance measure that will reflect this perspective (instead of plaform market shares or winner-take-all competition). We do so by adopting the concept of "allocative efficiency" (Gode and Sunder 1993, 1997). In its most generic form, "allocative efficiency is the ratio of the actual to the potential gains from trade" (Gode and Sunder 1997: 603). The upper bound of the "potential gains" is reached when the participants can make all the transactions they desire, either as suppliers when they share their possessions, or as customers by accessing the shared goods. Concretely, on the demand side, Airbnb is functioning efficiently if the guests find a room when they desire to travel or BlaBlacar is efficient when there is a seat available for one's desired journey. On the supply side, both the revenue and the efficient utilization of our shareable possessions are impacted if an Airbnb host or a BlaBlaCar traveler cannot find a buyer. From the public good perspective, such a failure can be seen as proof that profit-based platforms cannot provide the basic level of service required by Universal Service obligations (Slee 2016) or provided by incumbent firms (Cusumano 2015).

no match in 10.1007%2Fs00191-017-0548-y
Our model captures the operation of a peer-to-peer marketplace guided by decentralized decision-making and user reviews. Our objective is to compare the performance of different motivations when the peers try to complete transactions. We present our model as an online platform for accommodations (such as Airbnb): the customers are 'guests' who want to find a 'host' for a night at a given location. Below, we describe the model in three blocks / sub-sections:

no match in PMC4835540
A series of cryogenic experiments was performed at the Janus Laser Facility at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, a schematic of which is shown in Fig. 2. A drive laser was focused onto a cryogenic target, launching a shock wave into liquid deuterium at an initial density r 0 ¼ 0.17 ± 0.004 g cm À 3 . A second laser, incident on a Si 3 N 4 foil fixed to the target at an intensity of 1 Â 10 14 W cm À 2 and wavelength of 527 nm, created an intense x-ray source by pumping the 2 keV Ly-a line in SiThe copper target is held at 19 K, liquefying the deuterium that is filled into the central cavity. A drive laser is incident on a 2-mm-diameter Al pusher, launching a shock wave along the axis. A probe laser irradiates a Si 3 N 4 foil, pumping the 2,005 eV Si Ly-a transition. X-rays scattered in the forward and backward directions are spectrally dispersed with highly oriented pyrolytic graphite (HOPG) crystals whose direct view of the laser-plasma is prevented by Ni shields. (b) Cross section of the target reservoir across the thickness of the target. The target is sealed with aluminium on the front surface and a transparent quartz rear window to allow the VISAR beam to probe shock evolution. (c) Schematic of laser beam timing showing the shock drive beam (red) of 2-6 ns preceding a 2-ns probe pulse. The probe is delayed by 10-20 ns, depending on drive intensity, to allow the shock front to advance into the x-ray spectrometer view. Shorter delay times yielded higher shock pressures. (d) HYDRA simulations of mass density evolving as a function of space and time, with a lineout at the x-ray probe time of 20 ns. The compressed D 2 peak (r Shock ¼ 0.54 g cm À 3 ) has traversed into the spectrometer field of view at t ¼ 20 ns when we make the x-ray measurement. The high-density peak lagging the D 2 shock front is due to the aluminium pusher, but is shielded by the x-ray window.These photons were collimated through a 400-mm-diameter aperture in the target, timed to probe the shock as it reached the x-ray collection ports. The x-rays were scattered from the shock front and collected through 400 mm ports at 45°and 135°from the incident photons. The probe pulse was delayed 10-20 ns after the rise of the drive beam, allowing the shock to traverse a distance of 350 mm to reach the volume accessed by the x-ray diagnostic port. The fields of view of the spectrometers were shielded with Ni-coated cones (40°opening angle) from ambient x-ray emission and stray light from both laser beams. The radiation was collected and spectrally dispersed with highly ordered pyrolytic graphite crystal spectrometers 35 curved at a 107-mm radius. The drive laser beam used a phase plate to produce a round 600-mm-diameter spot on target. The forward scattering measurements were made on deuterium shock-driven by a frequency-doubled 2-ns-long laser pulse producing a wavelength of 527 nm at the target. The backscattering measurements were made operating the same laser at the 1,054 nm fundamental. These shots used 4 ns drive pulses at moderate compression and 6 ns at higher compression, all at nominal intensities of 4 Â 10 13 W cm À 2 .

no match in 10.1111%2Fecin.12386
I collect data on how subjects acquire information about risky choices in both real and hypothetical settings using process-tracing software called Mouselab. On average, there are no significant differences across settings in the amount of time subjects take to make a choice or the completeness of the information they acquire. Subjects also acquire information in sequences consistent with an integration model of decision-making, such as expected utility theory or prospect theory. I do not find significant differences in risk preferences across settings, on average, but I do find that subjects' risk preferences are related to the completeness of the information that they acquire and where they start their information acquisition. (JEL C91, D80, D83) (Levitt and List 2007) Kahneman and Tversky (1979, 265) (Battalio, Kagel, and Jiranyakul 1990; Harrison 2006; Holt and Laury 2002, 2005) (Beattie and Loomes 1997; Kühberger, Schulte-Mecklenbeck, and Perner 2002; Wiseman and Levin 1996) Taylor (2013) cognitive ability tend to make choices exhibiting hypothetical bias. 2 These contradictory results have yet to be explained. Camerer and Hogarth (1999) illustrate that real incentives are likely to alter behavior when the task involved depends on the subject's effort level. But the choices that are typically used to measure risk aversion are designed to measure preferences, not effort. Moreover, while it is clear how economic incentives can cause individuals to misrepresent their willingness to pay for clean air in a survey that could influence environmental policy, there is not an obvious economic motivation for why individuals would systematically misrepresent their risk preferences so that they appear more risk tolerant when they make choices with hypothetical consequences. 3 This study uses a method of process tracing to explore whether individuals acquire information about the risky choices in the commonly used Holt and Laury multiple-price list (HL MPL) differently when the choices have hypothetical monetary consequences rather than real monetary consequences (Holt and Laury 2002). It is possible that individuals may attend to the information in hypothetical choices differently than real choices, and several studies have demonstrated that how individuals acquire information can be related to their decision-making. For instance, Costa-Gomes and Crawford (2006) show that simplified searches are correlated with deviations from equilibrium in a two-person guessing game, and Caplin, Dean, and Martin (2011) find that search patterns can affect subjects' decisions conditional on choice complexity.

no match in PMC3184742
This cross-sectional descriptive analytic study was based on 67 women in the age range of 36 to 92 years old who were referred to the Radiology Department of Mashhad Dental School. All of them had a panoramic radiography in their orders and none of the participants was known to have any prior fracture and systemic disease that would affect bone metabolism (chronic renal osteodystrophy, hyperparathyroidism, hypoparathyroidism, gastrointestinal disease, paget's disease or rheumatoid arthritis). They were not using specific drugs or hormones (corticosteroids, cyclosporine, heparin, estrogen, progesterone, androgen and excess thyroid hormone). The data regarding age and BMI (body mass index) was obtained by questionnaire. All the panoramic radiographs were taken with PM 2002 CC apparatus (Planmeca Oy, Asentajankatu 6, 00880 Helsinki, Finland) by a single operator (AB). The position of the head was standardized as much as possible and also the exposure factors (kVp, mA) were regulated for each patient. To have similar density and contrast in all radiographs, we used both AGFA Dentus panoramic film (Heraeus Kulzer, Belgium) and Kodak screens (Kodak Lanex Regular Screen, Eastman Kodak Company, USA). Processing of the films was automatically performed by Pro- tec processor (PROTEC medical systems, Stuttgart, Germany). For examination of the bone mineral density, DXA (Dual Energy Xray Absorptiometry) scans were performed with Osteocore 2 (MEDILINK, France). This technique is widely accepted as the "gold standard" method of clinical bone mineral measurements [9,10]. DXA itself is subject to some minor inaccuracy in BMD measurement [6]. Precision of DXA ranges from 0.55 to 5% [11]. Sixty-seven panoramic radiographs were analyzed for MCI, MI and PMI. According to Jowitt et al [12], "MCI is classification of the appearance of the mandibular inferior cortex distal to the mental foramen, which includes the following criteria: C1: The endosteal margin of the cortex is even and sharp on both sides of the mandible. (Fig 2). All the measurements were made in millimeters (0.1 mm variation) with calipers by the same investigator (AB). The indices were measured bilaterally and the mean was recorded for each patient. When only one foramen was visible, the measurements were done only on that side [18]. The information on age and BMD statuses of the patients was blinded to the examiner in order to eliminate information bias. Afterwards we gave the patients their radiographs and referred them to Toos Bone Densitometry Center for BMD testing. Written informed consent was obtained from the patients to carry out bone densitometry as a part of the study on osteoporosis. BMD testing was per-The endosteal margin has semilunar defects (resorption cavities) with cortical residues one to three layers thick on one or both sides. C3: The endosteal margin consists of thick cortical residues and is clearly porous.Since the acquired AZ, sensitivity, and specificity were low in each cutoff threshold, we used several cutoff points to determine the sensitivity and specificity.

no match in PMC4686099
analysis. In the present study, the mRNA expression of heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1), intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) and endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) was determined using RT-PCR amplification. Total RNA was extracted using TRIzol reagent TRIzol (Invitrogen Life Technologies, Shanghai, China). according to the manufacturer's instructions. The first-strand cDNA was synthesized with a random primer (Sangon Biotech Co., Ltd., Shanghai, China) using the SuperScript III reverse transcriptase (Invitrogen Life Technologies, Carlsbad, CA, USA). PCR amplification was performed using the primers and amplification conditions listed in Table I. GAPDH was amplified under the same reaction conditions, accordingly, to serve as the internal standard. Finally, the PCR products were electrophoresed on 1.5% agarose gels and analyzed using a Gel Documentation E-Gel ® Imager system (Invitrogen Life Technologies).Statistical analysis. The data are presented as the mean ± standard deviation. Student's t-test and χ 2 test were performed to carry out inter-group comparisons. Data analysis was performed using SPSS 16.0 software (SPSS, Inc., Chicago, IL, USA). P<0.05 was considered to indicate a statistically significant difference.

no match in 10.1080%2F17421770903541772
One possible way to calculate the dispersion of the direct and indirect effects is to apply formulae for the sum, the difference, the product and the quotient of random variables (see, among others, Mood et al., 1974, pp. 178Á181). However, owing to the complexity of the matrix of partial derivatives [see (6)] and because every empirical application will have its own unique number of observations (N) and spatial weights matrix (W), it is almost impossible to derive one general approach that can be applied under all circumstances. In order to draw inferences regarding the statistical significance of the direct and indirect effects, LeSage & Pace (p. 39) therefore suggest simulating the distribution of the direct and indirect effects using the varianceÁcovariance matrix implied by the maximum likelihood estimates. Elhorst & Fréret (2009) Using the Matlab routine 'sar' posted on LeSage's website (www.spatial- econometrics.com), one particular parameter combination drawn from this varianceÁcovariance matrix (indexed by d ) can be obtained by:

no match in 10.1162%2Fqjec.121.4.1383
The journal is hosted on an open-access, open-review, rapid publication platform called PubPub, created by students at the Media Lab. PubPub is a collaborative publication environment with rich commenting features, and powerful, intuitive authoring tools. JoDS articles are authored directly within the PubPub environment, which provides support for multimedia, image integration, and large data sets.

no match in PMC3246293
The layout is then exported as an XML CRF specification to be included in CARAT.

no match in PMC4292688
The data was analyzed using the EVOC (Ensemble de Programmes Permettant L´Analyse des Évocations) (Group of Programs for the Analysis of Evoked Responses) 2003 software, which allows one to achieve the organization of the words based on the hierarchy expressed through the frequency and the natural order of the evocation, through the construction of the Vergès matrix, where the evoked words are distributed, considering the criteria of higher frequencies and mean order of evocation (MOE)(6-7). This corresponds to four quadrants, in which in the top left one may observe the elements with a frequency which is higher than, or equal to, the mean frequency, and with a lower mean order of evocation (evoked more readily). In the top right quadrant, one finds the more important peripheral elements, due to their higher frequencies. In the bottom right quadrant, one finds elements which are less frequent and less-readily evoked, and in the bottom left quadrant there are the elements which, in spite of presenting low frequencies, are considered highly important because of the privileged order of evocation (5).

no match in 10.1007%2Fs00181-012-0549-5
As noted in Online Appendix A, the variable Asset has a very high proportion of zero's. This would imply that the individual's relative risk aversion is infinite, a rather extreme assumption. We tested the sensitivity to this extreme value by adding a dummy to distinguish zero and positive values; thus, the regression equation included 17 In Footnote 14 Shaw also notes that she dropped interaction of the intercept with the risk attitude dummies. We decided not to follow her and stick to the full model. 18 Since comparing estimates involves combined coefficients (e.g. β ·a xi ), we need to take into account the standard deviation of such combination. This is done by using the "nonlinear combinations of estimators" option in STATA. 19 For Italy the null hypothesis is not rejected for the interaction between ARA and years of schooling.a dummy for having any risky financial assets at all and the share of risky financial assets. In the SHIW data for Italy, with the highest proportion of zero's, including the dummy has no effect on the results for the other variables; the significance level for the share of risky assets does not change in any relevant way. 20

no match in PMC3085624
Statistical analysis was performed by use of Student's t-test or Welch's t-test or Fisher's exact test with the JSTAT -Java Virtual Machine Statistics Monitoring Tool (Sun Microsystems, Inc., Santa Clara, CA, USA). Statistical significance was set at p-value＜0.05.

no match in 10.1111%2F1467-8462.12246
(iii) Researchers must be experienced in the use of one or more of the analytical software languages available within the DataLab. This is important as the DataLab is a self-service system and the ABS does not provide training or assistance to users for coding and methodological issues related to their research. Software available in the DataLab include SAS Enterprise Guide 7.1, Stata 13, SPSS 24, R 3.1.2, Microsoft Word 2010, Microsoft Excel 2010, Ultraedit and Adobe Acrobat Reader DC (PDF). Updates to these statistical packages will be made available as they are released. The addition of further packages is open to discussion as the DataLab is envisioned to be a product that evolves and adapts to user needs and requirements.

no match in PMC3177208
In order to determine whether the OXPHOS defect in cells overexpressing PDE12 is a consequence of impaired mitochondrial protein synthesis, we labelled the de novo synthesized mitochondrially encoded subunits of the electron transport chain with radioactive methionine. After the inhibition of cytosolic translation, the incorporation of 35 S-Met into mitochondrial proteins was analysed over a time course of 4 days in HEK293T cells overexpressing PDE12 or the E351A catalytic mutant (Figure 6A). Translation of all mitochondrially encoded respiratory chain subunits was compromised upon the induction of PDE12 overexpression and the incorporationwere analysed by northern blots using probes specific for all mitochondrial transcripts. Nuclear-encoded 28 S rRNA was used as a loading control. (D) Quantification of steady-state levels of mitochondrial transcripts in cells overexpressing PDE12. The values of the relative RNA levels (mt-RNA/28 S rRNA) were obtained by quantifying PhosphorImager scans of northern blots using ImageQuant software and normalized for the values obtained from uninduced cells. *P < 0.05, **P < 0.01, ***P < 0.001; n = 3, Error bars = 1 SD. (E) mtDNA copy number in cells overexpressing PDE12. Comparative Q-PCR of the mitochondrial CytB gene and single copy nuclear gene (APP) was used with total DNA isolated from cells overexpressing PDE12 for the indicated time. *P < 0.05, **P < 0.01, ***P < 0.001; n = 3, Error bars = 1 SD. of 35 S-Met was $15% of those in uninduced cells (Figure 6B). Overexpression of the E351A mutant did not have any appreciable effect upon mitochondrial protein synthesis (Figure 6B). Next, we carried out gradient sedimentation analyses of cell extracts from cells overexpressing PDE12 for 4 days and control cells in order to investigate the integrity of the mitochondrial ribosome (Figure 6C). In this method, we detected the 28 S (small) and 39 S (large) subunits by western blotting of gradient fractions. We used DAP3/MRPS29 as a marker for the 28 S ribosomal subunit and MRPL3 as a marker for the 39 S subunit. The analyses of sedimentation of mitoribosomal subunits upon overexpression of PDE12 revealed: (i) deficiency of assembled 28 S mitoribosomal subunits as compared to the control and (ii) anomalous sedimentation of the 39 S subunits that was shifted towards slower migrating species (Figure 6C). These changes in mitoribosomes were not due to any alteration in the length of the mitochondrial rRNAs, based on RNase protection assays of 12 S and 16 S rRNA (Supplementary Figure S4A-B). Nor was the steady-state level or length of 7 mt-tRNAs (Ser-UCN, Leu-UUR, Thr, Gln, Pro, Lys and Phe) affected by elevated PDE12 expression (Supplementary Figure S4C-D). However, in the case of tRNASer-AGY the steady-state level of the full-length molecule was $60% of the control value after 4 days of PDE12 overexpression and a species of lower molecular mass was detected. A similar truncated form of tRNASer-AGY, albeit of much lower abundance, was observed in control cells (Supplementary Figure S4C). Mutant tRNA levels considerably >50% are needed to produce a mitochondrial translation defect (24) and so the observed inhibition of mitochondrial translation is most likely attributable to the shortening of the mt-RNA poly(A) tails, owing to mitochondrial ribosome instability and/or impaired assembly.

no match in PMC3449286
In situ trace element analyses of amphibole, clinopyroxene and plagioclase were carried out on polished thin sections by LA-ICP-MS using a Perkin Elmer ELAN 6100 DRC ICP-MS equipped with a 193 nm EXCIMER Geolas laser at the University of Lausanne (Switzerland). Operating conditions of the laser were: 8 Hz frequency, 100 mJ energy, 35 or 60 mm spot size. CaO contents determined by microprobe in the area of subsequent ablation with the laser were used for internal standardization by reference to an SRM612 NIST external standard. Raw data were reduced off-line using the LAMTRACE software 55-57., the projected vapour1liquid coexistence surface for salinities of 10 wt.% and 30-45 wt.% NaCl (green, extrapolated above 1000uC) and the vapour1liquid1halite coexistence curve (blue) from 59 (V5vapour, L5liquid, H5halite, F5single-phase fluid). The orange path 1 represents a hypothetical fluid-unsaturated (e.g., H 2 O52.5 wt.%) basaltic andesite/ andesite magma that ascends rapidly to shallow level until it becomes fluidsaturated upon hitting the 2.5 wt.% H 2 O boundary. This magma will exsolve a fluid below the vapour1liquid coexistence line and will not have significantly high Sr/Y because it will not fractionate amphibole. If the same magma undergoes isobaric crystallization at P. ,0.2 GPa (red paths 2) it will eventually become fluid-saturated in the single-phase fluid field, above the vapour1liquid coexistence line. Because amphibole always precedes plagioclase crystallization above the vapour1liquid coexistence line in andesitic magmas and almost at any pressure above the V1L coexistence line for basaltic andesite magmas (except a small gap between ,0.19 and ,0.22 GPa), it follows that development of high Sr/Y signatures and exsolution of fluids in the single phase field are intimately bound together. Hydrous andesitic magmas rising rapidly to shallow levels have magnetite close to the liquidus (orange path 1), which might cause sulphide saturation before fluid exsolution, depending on the initial water content of the magma. In contrast, andesitic magmas evolving at P.0.2 GPa and thus acquiring high Sr/Y signatures (red paths 2) will crystallize magnetite late thus making possible the partitioning of Cu into an exsolved fluid before magnetite-induced sulphide saturation incorporates magmatic Cu.

no match in PMC4103437
CLC Genomics Workbench CLC bio using paired-end libraries with 350-bp fragments. Reads were quality fi ltered, and the adapters were removed using libngs (https://github.com/ sylvainforet/libngs) using a minimum quality of 25 bp and a minimum read size of 150 bp. The genomic assemblies were carried out with SPAdes ( Bankevich et al., 2012 ) using the following options: "-k 21,33,55,77,99,127-careful -t 16 -m 64".

no match in 10.1162%2Fqjec.2005.120.1.345
The journal is hosted on an open-access, open-review, rapid publication platform called PubPub, created by students at the Media Lab. PubPub is a collaborative publication environment with rich commenting features, and powerful, intuitive authoring tools. JoDS articles are authored directly within the PubPub environment, which provides support for multimedia, image integration, and large data sets.

no match in PMC2646063
؉ T-cells and plasma DPP-IV activity (F) and blood glucose levels (G). Data were analyzed using the linear regression analysis program PRISM. All data represent mean ؎ SE, and significance was tested using ANOVA with a Newman-Keuls post hoc test, where **P < 0.05 vs. normal NCD group and ##P < 0.05 vs. diabetic NCD group. (Please see http://dx.doi.org/10.2337/db08-1101 for a high-quality digital representation of this figure.)

no match in PMC3065992
The concatenated alignment was partitioned by gene and codon position for β-tubulin, rpb2, and 1-α using PAUP(Swofford 2002). The gene partitions were analysed for conflict with the partition homogeneity test (PHT) as implemented in PAUP (Swofford 2002) using the following settings: 100 homogeneity replicates, 10 random sequence addition replicates, and MULTREES off. Conflict among gene partitions was assessed by reciprocal bootstrap analyses (Reeb et al. 2004) using distance settings for each partition as

no match in PMC4356689
Dynamic light scattering measurements were carried out using DynaPro-TC-04 equipment (Protein Solutions, Wyatt Technology, Santa Barbara, CA, USA) equipped with a temperature-controlled microsampler. The PGA nanoparticles (2 mg/mL) were filtered serially through 0.22 µm and 0.02 µm Whatman syringe filters directly into a 12 µL quartz cuvette. For each experiment, 20 measurements were taken. Mean hydrodynamic radius (R h ) was analyzed using Dynamics software at optimized resolution. The R h was estimated on the basis of an autocorrelation analysis of

total unmatched 71 / 1240